just the great friend
Today we are at the home of a friend of mine, Giulio
who has a problem with the mobile phone shower
so let's go to replace and repair
a sweet phone this is in here
flaw as you change at home will have this
here the mobile phone should be changed e
maybe even the flexible that a little bit
worn
then before already having bought a
mobile phone as seen from
pack that I had already prepared e
bought there is inflexible to change e
we have a mobile phone maybe even
those that do not attack the limestone with
this system just touch it and it goes
via the limestone when sticking
take a suitable pint one simple
in knowing how to remove a mobile phone
at the bottom unscrew attention
to water that can wet you first with
the same caliper disassemble
the other party here is always careful
the water that comes out of flexible e
high flexible old bottle
new flexible shower this office
of existing gaskets therefore not
it is necessary to put the articulated coalition
mount this when you have written
even with your hands
okay because there's not so much pressure
colico at the base of the mobile phone e
the other side that goes to light
a small squeeze with the usual key
just worth
the work done yes but the proof
here
children work
idea a little friend I greet you next time